Create ui-c8y-1021-59-1-hide-pop-section-for-tenant-ca-certificate-8558-graft-release-cd.md (#3172)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-59-1-hide-pop-section-for-tenant-ca-certificate-8558-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""

> title: Hide proof of possession section for tenant CA certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title:Proof of possession section for tenant CA certificates now hidden
```

> title:Proof of possession section for tenant CA certificates now hidden

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Proof of possession section for tenant CA certificates now hidden
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:

>   - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - value: q3kclF6pO
```

>     label: Administration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    label: Authentication
```

build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62862
version: 1021.59.1
---

> Hide POP section for tenant CA certificate (#8558) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8771)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the proof of possession (POP) section was always displayed for tenant CA certificate even though it was not relevant for this type of certificate. With this change, the POP section is now hidden for tenant CA certificates. This improves the user experience by removing the irrelevant POP section from the view.
```

> Previously, the proof of possession (POP) section was always displayed for tenant CA certificate even though it was not relevant for this type of certificate. With this change, the POP section is now hidden for tenant CA certificates. This improves the user experience by removing the irrelevant POP section from the view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the trusted certificate details, the **Proof of possession** section was previously also displayed for tenant CA certificates even though it is not relevant for this type of certificate. With this change, the **Proof of possession** section is now hidden for tenant CA certificates. This improves the user experience by removing irrelevant information from the view.
```
